Suggest disabling pip cache in containers (#11272)
pypa/pip: docs/html/topics/caching.md

pip's caching behaviour is disabled by passing the `--no-cache-dir` option.

> It is, however, recommended to **NOT** disable pip's caching (except for building containerized appplications). Doing so can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is, however, recommended to **NOT** disable pip's caching unless you have caching at a higher level (eg: layered caches in container builds). Doing so can
```
